fix(core/automerge): care only about automergeSchedule when branch exists (#23561)
renovatebot/renovate: docs/usage/configuration-options.md

}
```

<!-- prettier-ignore -->
!!! note

>     Branch automerge ignores normal schedule and only respects [`automergeSchedule`](#automergeSchedule).

Author: ```suggestion
    Branch automerge ignores normal schedule and only respects [`automergeSchedule`](#automergeschedule).
```

>     Branch automerge ignores normal schedule and only respects [`automergeSchedule`](#automergeschedule).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Branch automerge ignores the normal schedule and only follows the [`automergeSchedule`](#automergeschedule).
```

>     Branch automerge ignores the normal schedule and only follows the [`automergeSchedule`](#automergeschedule).

Reviewer 2: Are you sure we don't follow the `schedule` when it comes to _creating_ the branch to be automerged?

Author: Branch creation still depends on `schedule`

Reviewer 2: I think this comment is potentially confusing

> <!-- prettier-ignore -->
> !!! note
>     Branch automerge ignores the normal schedule and only follows the [`automergeSchedule`](#automergeschedule).

Author: ```suggestion
<!-- prettier-ignore -->
!!! note
    Branches creation follows [`schedule`](#schedule) and the automerge follows [`automergeSchedule`](#automergeschedule).
```
